exp: command for wf results (#4)
zapatacomputing/orquestra-workflow-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

👩‍🔬 *Experimental*

> * New CLI command: `python -m orquestra.sdk._base.cli._dorq._entry workflow results`. It shows a preview of the workflow run output artifact. Can download the artifact values to the provided dir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New CLI command: `python -m orquestra.sdk._base.cli._dorq._entry workflow results`. It shows a preview of the workflow run output artifact and can download the result values to the provided directory.
* ```
